🚀 Question Sheet – Difficulty Wise
🔑 = Most asked in interviews

🟢 Easy Level (Basics & Loops)

1. Even or Odd
   Write a program to check if a number is even or odd.

2. Sum of n Natural Numbers
   Write a program to calculate the sum of first n natural numbers.

3. Reverse a Number 🔑
   Write a program to reverse and return the given number (digit by digit).

4. Factorial of a Number 🔑
   Write a program to find the factorial of a number using loop (and recursion).

5. Fibonacci Series 🔑
   Write a program to print the Fibonacci series up to n terms.

6. Count Digits / Sum of Digits
   Write a program to count the digits and calculate the sum of digits of a number.

7. Armstrong Number
   Write a program to check whether a given number is an Armstrong number.


🟡 Medium Level (Arrays, Strings & Optimizations)

8. Prime Number (Optimized O(√n)) 🔑
   Write a program to check whether a number is prime using an optimized approach.

9. Print Prime Numbers in a Range
   Write a program to print all prime numbers between two given numbers.

10. Palindrome Number 🔑
    Write a program to check whether a given number is a palindrome.

11. Linear Search
    Implement linear search to find an element in an array.

12. Binary Search 🔑
    Implement binary search to find an element in a sorted array.

13. Largest & Smallest Number in an Array 🔑
    Write a program to find the largest and smallest number in an array.

14. Second Largest & Second Smallest in an Array 🔑
    Write a program to find the second largest and second smallest number in an array.

15. Sorting an Array (Bubble / Selection Sort) 🔑
    Write a program to sort an array using bubble sort or selection sort.

16. Find Missing Number in a Range 🔑
    Write a program to find the missing number in a range from 1 to n.

17. Frequency of Elements in an Array
    Write a program to count the frequency of each element in an array.

18. Count Vowels and Consonants
    Write a program to count the vowels and consonants in a string.

19. Trapped RainWater
    Write a program to calculate the Trapped water.


🔴 Hard Level (Advanced Array & Logic Problems)

19. Reverse an Array 🔑
    Write a program to reverse the elements of an array.

20. Pairs in an Array
    Write a program to print all possible pairs in an array.

21. Print Subarrays
    Write a program to print all possible subarrays of a given array.

22. Rotate an Array (Left/Right by k Steps) 🔑
    Write a program to rotate an array to the left or right by k steps.

23. Two Sum Problem 🔑
    Write a program to find pairs in an array whose sum equals a given number.

24. Kadane’s Algorithm (Maximum Subarray Sum) 🔑
    Write a program to find the maximum subarray sum using Kadane’s Algorithm.

25. Matrix Problems
    - Write a program to find the transpose of a matrix. 🔑
    - Write a program to calculate the diagonal sum of a matrix.
    - Write a program to print the matrix in spiral order. 🔑



